README.md, before:

<!-- Please update value in the {}  -->

<h1 align="center">{Your project name}</h1>

<div align="center">
   Solution for a challenge from  <a href="http://devchallenges.io" target="_blank">Devchallenges.io</a>.
</div>

<div align="center">
  <h3>
    <a href="https://{your-demo-link.your-domain}">
      Demo
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://{your-url-to-the-solution}">
      Solution
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://devchallenges.io/challenges/f4NJ53rcfgrP6sBMD2jt">
      Challenge
    </a>
  </h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Built With](#built-with)
- [Features](#features)
- [How to use](#how-to-use)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- OVERVIEW -->

## Overview

![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16707738/92399059-5716eb00-f132-11ea-8b14-bcacdc8ec97b.png)

Introduce your projects by taking a screenshot or a gif. Try to tell visitors a story about your project by answering:

- Where can I see your demo?
- What was your experience?
- What have you learned/improved?
- Your wisdom? :)

### Built With

<!-- This section should list any major frameworks that you built your project using. Here are a few examples.-->

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [GraphQL]
- [Apollo]

## Features

<!-- List the features of your application or follow the template. Don't share the figma file here :) -->

This application/site was created as a submission to a [DevChallenges](https://devchallenges.io/challenges) challenge. The [challenge](https://devchallenges.io/challenges/f4NJ53rcfgrP6sBMD2jt) was to build an application to complete the given user stories.

## How To Use

<!-- Example: -->

To clone and run this application, you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/your-user-name/your-project-name

# Install dependencies
$ npm install

# Run the app
$ npm start
```

## Acknowledgements

<!-- This section should list any articles or add-ons/plugins that helps you to complete the project. This is optional but it will help you in the future. For example: -->

- [Steps to replicate a design with only HTML and CSS](https://devchallenges-blogs.web.app/how-to-replicate-design/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Marked - a markdown parser](https://github.com/chjj/marked)

## Contact

- Linkedin [your-website.com](https://{your-web-site-link})

Commit message:

Readme update and uri to heroku deployed server
Polished info and modified localhost for server to deployed version

README.md, after:


<h1 align="center">Cat Wiki</h1>

<div align="center">
   Solution for a challenge from  <a href="http://devchallenges.io" target="_blank">Devchallenges.io</a>.
</div>

<div align="center">
  <h3>
    <a href="https://{your-demo-link.your-domain}">
      Demo
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    Solution depends on Server and Client (both on Github under different repos)
    <a href="https://github.com/emilcheva/cat-wiki-client">
      Client
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
     <a href="https://github.com/emilcheva/cat-wiki-server">
      Server
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://devchallenges.io/challenges/f4NJ53rcfgrP6sBMD2jt">
      Challenge
    </a>
  </h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Built With](#built-with)
- [Features](#features)
- [How to use](#how-to-use)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- OVERVIEW -->

## Overview

![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16707738/92399059-5716eb00-f132-11ea-8b14-bcacdc8ec97b.png)

- Where can I see your demo ->
- You can query the GraphQL schema with Apollo Studio here -> https://react-bootstrap.github.io/

### Built With

<!-- Here are a few examples.-->

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [React-Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/)
- [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/introduction)
- [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/)
- [Apollo Graph Platform and Studio](https://www.apollographql.com/)

## Features

<!-- List the features of your application or follow the template. Don't share the figma file here :) -->

This application/site was created as a submission to a [DevChallenges](https://devchallenges.io/challenges) challenge. The [challenge](https://devchallenges.io/challenges/f4NJ53rcfgrP6sBMD2jt) was to build an application to complete the given user stories.

## How To Use

<!-- Example: -->

To clone and run this application, you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/emilcheva/cat-wiki-client

# Install dependencies
$ npm install

# Run the app
$ npm start
```

## Acknowledgements

<!-- This section should list any articles or add-ons/plugins that helps you to complete the project. This is optional but it will help you in the future. For example: -->

- [Steps to replicate a design with only HTML and CSS](https://devchallenges-blogs.web.app/how-to-replicate-design/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Marked - a markdown parser](https://github.com/chjj/marked)

## Contact

- Linkedin [evgenia milcheva](https://www.linkedin.com/in/evgenia-milcheva/)
